my name is Jose de Faria I'm the
president of the American Society of
Mechanical Engineers at the University
of Rhode Island and today we're having
our Rocket Challenge where students are
designing rockets using 2-liter soda
bottles and the goal of the contest is
to keep your rocket in the air for as
long as possible the glitter makes you
go fast missiles right on the bottom but
it's a one water bottle rocket
competition program and we're part of
the horticulture program so we're just
taking a stab at it we are we fill up
the rocket with one liter of water and
then put it onto the launcher and
pressurize it to 80 psi each and then we
give this string over to the contestant
for them to pull it
originally registered we had 30 we got
an extra five or six now we may even get
more so I'm thinking uh probably a
somewhere between somewhere around
thirty I guess by the end of the day
last time they were in this competition
they had a they had eleven teams and
they competed for a $50 prize so we're
giving away $250 today so as a top prize
in numerous other second third and other
prizes the last time that we uh we know
would have been 1999 or 2000 they're the
records are records are shaky the
journal article we saw is from 1999 but
I think they're ready to go
you were to get it
I'm going to the middle not nor enjoy
and uh